Feature/updating gamefi sections (#163)
crypto-org-chain/cronos-docs: docs/play/login-example.md

            // fetch image and display in game
            UnityWebRequest textureRequest = UnityWebRequestTexture.GetTexture(imageUri);
            await textureRequest.SendWebRequest();
            this.gameObject.GetComponent<Renderer>().material.mainTexture = ((DownloadHandlerTexture)textureRequest.downloadHandler).texture;
        }
    }
}
```
::: tip NOTE
  We are using `PlayerPrefs.GetString("Account")` to dynamically fetch the address when connecting to DefiConnect. You can replace this with the actual account address for testing purposes like so: `string account = "account_address"`
:::

## Build the Scenes
To build the Game Login example, you need to go to `File/Build Settings` and select your WebGL, IOS or Androi Build Settings. In this example, we will build using the WebGL method. To build with the DefiWallet option, you will have to select the Cronos DefiWallet Template in the Player -> Resolution and Presentation settings

::: tip NOTE
  Make sure to select the Cronos Defi Wallet Template in the Player -> Resolution and Presentation settings.
:::

<img src="./assets/getting-started/cronos_template.png" />

<img src="./assets/getting-started/build_settings.png" />

> On successfull completion, you will be able to login to your DefiConnect wallet. On succesfull login, the scene will load any textures from NFT assets you own. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On successful completion, you will be able to log in to your DefiConnect wallet. The scene will load any textures from NFT assets you own on successful login.
```

> On successfull completion, you will be able to login to your DefiConnect wallet. On succesfull login, the scene will load any textures from NFT assets you own. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On successful completion, you will be able to log in to your DefiConnect wallet. The scene will load any textures from NFT assets you own on successful login.
```

Reviewer: The rest looks good to me.

Reviewer: The rest looks good to me.
